1)tell me about your self

2)ADb command to uninstall application

3)how effective is automation in agile world, take us through the entire process

4)which of the lifecycle apporch you use to develop a software. 

5)which all programming languages you are familar with

6)Appart from mob application, what other application you have automated

7)can you pls explain your automation and tell us which wframework you have used

8)given a chance now would you change any of it.

9)is it possible to share screen and write us a sample of your framework.

10)can you pls tell ,me any three testng listners?

11)does your framewrok support running script in parallel?

12)how do you idetentify which cases are automated / How do you wirte automation cases

13)give me any 5 eg for non function testcase for mob application

14)how do you decide which OS device or browser to use while automation?

15)can you pls write an sample testng.xml file

16) what is your expirience in CI? which tool have you used before

17) what are the challeges you faced while automating ios application

18)ehat are the different testng annotations

19)what are generic in java

20)what is depedency manager? which have you used?

21)write a code to take a screenshot of device

22)how to do handle flaky testcase

23)appart from testng anyother reporting you have used before?

24)Name different exception you get during automation web applications

25)what is difference between overloading and overriding

26)what is the purpose of BDD in real world.

27)lets say you have an ios application which has an hyperlink, Which on click of it opens safari browser. 
How will you assert if the browser has opened in foreground

28)Name a Jenkins environment variable you have used in a shell script or batch file.

29)What are the various ways in which the build can be scheduled in Jenkins?

30)Name some of the plugins used before in Jenkins?

31)Enlist some common tests that are performed on APIs.

32)What are the main challenges of API testing?

33)What are the types of Bugs will API testing finds?

34)What are the different ways to handle exceptions in java?

35)Cmd to run jmeter in non GUI

36)List Some Of The Test Plan Elements Available In JMeter.

37)Types of assertion in jmeter

38)What is the difference between DELETE and TRUNCATE commands?

39)How to select unique records from a table?

40)What is a primary key/foreign key?

41) What is black box testing and white box testing

42)What Test Plans consists of?

43)What is Alpha testing and beta testing?

44)What is the difference between Test matrix and Traceability matrix?

45)What are the common performance bottlenecks?

46)x-www-form-urlencoded vs multipart/form-data

47) What is difference between Mutation and Query? 

48)Pre-Request Script and Post-request script in Postman?

49)Describe the database schema of one of your projects?  

50)What are the components of an HTTP request?

51)Give three difference of GraphQL and REST